Add post for giving candidates better feedback when their application is rejected automatically (#300)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/manage-teacher-training-applications/2021-01-14-better-feedback-for-automatically-rejected-applications.md

---
title: Better feedback for automatically rejected applications
description: Give candidates better feedback when their application was automatically rejected
date: 2021-01-14
---

At the moment, candidates are penalised in two ways when their application is automatically rejected.

Firstly, they don’t get feedback. Secondly, the feedback they eventually receive is free text and inconsistent with feedback they would receive if they have another application rejected in the normal way.

If we give candidates the same feedback as normally rejected applications, they’ll be able to compare feedback more easily and have a better chance of applying again successfully.

> We also moved the record of the feedback from the top of the application details page to a separate ‘feedback’ page. This is because it doesn’t make sence on the application details page and pushes the application details down the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also moved the record of the feedback from the top of the application details page to a separate ‘feedback’ page. It doesn’t make sense for it to be on the application details page, which contains information submitted by the candidate, and pushes the application details down the page.
```
